{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red196\green26\blue22;\red170\green13\blue145;\red28\green0\blue207;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14200\viewh15040\viewkind0
\deftab529
\pard\tx529\pardeftab529\pardirnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 \
\
- modules (files), functions, and variables use underscore (buggy_info, video_maker)\
- classes and methods use camel case\
- put a doc string with the following info at the top of a main file and have it display when the program runs. Example doc string:\
\
\cf2 '''\
Written by Ben Warwick\
\
Self-Driving Buggy Rev. 6 (__main__.py) for Self-Driving Buggy Project\
Version 9/15/2015\
=========\
\
This program controls the self-driving buggy. It manages computer vision,\
microcontroller control and data collection, PID feedback, encoder to x, y\
algorithms, path finding, GPS algorithms, and IMU algorithms. Each of these is\
implemented in its own file.\
\
Usage\
-----\
python __main__.py\
\
\'96 or \'96 (in folder directory):\
python Self-Driving Buggy Rev. 6\
\
Keys\
----\
    q, ESC - exit\
    SPACE - play/pause video\
    o - toggle show original video feed\
    left - read previous frame\
    right - read next frame\
    s - save frame as image (in camera/Images/ directory)\
    v - start/stop create video (saved in camera/Videos/ directory)\
    h - toggle enable draw (hide/show video feed)\
'''\cf0 \
\cf3 if\cf0  __name__ == \cf4 '__main__'\cf0 :\
    \cf3 print\cf0  __doc__\
\
- use python's commenting format for each function. Example function doc string:\
\cf4 \
\cf3 def\cf0  initVideoWriter(self, fps=\cf4 30\cf0 , name=\cf2 ""\cf0 , includeTimestamp=True,\
                        codec=\cf4 'mp4v'\cf0 , format=\cf4 'm4v'\cf0 ):\
    \cf2 '''\
    Initialize the Capture's video writer.\
\
    :param fps: The playback FPS of the video. This number can be finicky as\
            the capture's current FPS may not match the video's output FPS.\
            This is because video playback takes less computation than\
            analyzing the video in this setting.\
    :param name: The name of the video. If "", a time stamp will\
            automatically be inserted\
    :param includeTimestamp: An optional parameter specifying whether the\
            time should be included. True by default\
    :param codec: The output video codec. mp4v is recommended\
    :return: None\
    '''}